draft v20.1.11 release notes (#9488)
cockroachdb/docs: releases/v20.1.11.md

Get future release notes emailed to you:

<div class="hubspot-install-form install-form-1 clearfix">
    <script>
        hbspt.forms.create({
            css: '',
            cssClass: 'install-form',
            portalId: '1753393',
            formId: '39686297-81d2-45e7-a73f-55a596a8d5ff',
            formInstanceId: 1,
            target: '.install-form-1'
        });
    </script>
</div>

### Downloads

<div id="os-tabs" class="clearfix">
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v20.1.11.darwin-10.9-amd64.tgz"><button id="mac" data-eventcategory="mac-binary-release-notes">Mac</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v20.1.11.linux-amd64.tgz"><button id="linux" data-eventcategory="linux-binary-release-notes">Linux</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v20.1.11.windows-6.2-amd64.zip"><button id="windows" data-eventcategory="windows-binary-release-notes">Windows</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v20.1.11.src.tgz"><button id="source" data-eventcategory="source-release-notes">Source</button></a>
</div>

### Docker image

{% include copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~shell

> $ docker pull cockroachdb/cockroach-unstable:v20.1.11

Reviewer: Per our chat, this needs updating from 'unstable'

~~~

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Dropping the extra blank line

### SQL language changes

- Fix a bug in [`RESTORE`](../v20.1/restore.html) where some unusual range boundaries in interleaved tables caused an error. [#58260][#58260]

### Bug fixes

> - In v20.1.8, we attempted to fix `age`'s lack of normalization of `H:M:S` into the years, months and days field. However, this was also broken for values > 1 month, as well as breaking `a::timestamp(tz) - b::timestamp(tz)` operators. This has now been resolved. [#57956][#57956]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In v20.1.8, we attempted to fix `age`'s lack of normalization of `H:M:S` into the years, months, and days fields. However, this was also broken for values greater than 1 month, as well as breaking `a::timestamp(tz) - b::timestamp(tz)` operators. This has now been resolved. [#57956][#57956]
```

Suggested a minor edit, but it's also unclear whether the 20.1.8 fix introduced the other two bugs or just failed to address them. When navigating to the [PR](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/57956) to see if I could get clarification, I noticed it doesn't have a description or link to an issue. Should we be ensuring this is present when we prep the release notes?

- Fixed a panic in protobuf decoding. [#58861][#58861]
- Fixed a bug that caused errors when accessing a tuple column (`tuple.column` syntax) of a tuples that could be statically determined to be null. [#58899][#58899]
- Fixed an internal error involving string literals used as arrays. [#59066][#59066]
- GC jobs now populate the `running_status` column for [`SHOW JOBS`](..v20.1/show-jobs.html). This bug has been present since v20.1. [#59138][#59138]
- Fixed a bug in which some non-conflicting rows provided as input to an [`INSERT ... ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING`](..v20.1/insert.html) statement could be discarded, and not inserted. This could happen in cases where the table had one or more unique indexes in addition to the primary index, and some of the rows in the input conflicted with existing values in one or more unique index. This scenario could cause the rows that did not conflict to be erroneously discarded. This is now fixed. [#59172][#59172]

### Contributors

This release includes 24 merged PRs by 17 authors.

> We would like to thank the following contributors from the CockroachDB community:

Reviewer: It is expected that the content below this line isn't showing up in the TeamCity preview?
